Granddad Dog's Garage
This is Granddad Dog's Garage.
Here are Peppa and herfamily
in their car.
Hello, Danny!
Hello, Peppa!
What can we do for you today?
We've got petrol, airfortyres,
and a new automatic car wash.
Er, two ice lollies, please.
Oh, certainly.
Granddad Dog Garage sells lots of things
even ice lollies!
Thank you.
Goodbye.
I love our car.
And our car loves us, too.
Don't you?
Oh, dear!
The car has stopped.
It's no good.
It won't start.
I know.
I'll ring Granddad Dog.
Granddad Dog speaking.
Help! Our car has broken down.
Danny,
we've got some rescuing to do!
Yippee.
To the rescue!
Look! There's Danny
and Granddad Dog.
Hooray.
Granddad Dog knows
everything about cars.
Hmmm, is it serious?
No, you're just run out of Petrol.
What can we do?
There's plenty of Petrol
at my garage.
I. II tow you there.
Granddad Dog is towing Peppa's car
back to his garage.
Granddad Dog is filling Peppa's car
with petrol.
Thank you. Granddad Dad.
Here are Suzy sheep
and her mummy in their car.
Hello, Peppa.
Hello Suzy.
We ran out of petrol,
Granddad Dog rescued us.
Wow, that's exciting!
See you later.
Oh, no!
All the air has gone out of the tyre.
Will Granddad Dog have to rescue us?
I think so.
Granddad Dog speaking.
I see.
Don't panic, Mummy Sheep.
I'm on my way.
To the rescue!
Can I go, too?
Hop aboard. Peppa.
To the rescue!
Hello, Suzy,
we've come to rescue you.
Hooray.
Granddad Dog is filling the tyre with air.
Thank you! Granddad Dad.
Here are Granny Pig
and Grandpa Pig in theircar.
Hello Everyone!
Hello Grandpa Pig!
Would you like some petrol or air?
No, thanks.
I want to try out you new carwash.
Certainly.
It's run by a computer.
Hello, I am the carwash of the future.
First, soapy water.
Then a rinse.
And finally, a polish.
Wow.
Sorry, I have malfunctioned.
Oh, dear!
The computer has broken.
And Grandpa Pig's car is stuck.
Ahh.
Do something,
Granddad Dog!
Oh, I don't know
how to mend computers.
My daddy mended our computer at home.
Errrr, well,
I didn't really mend the computer.
I just...
Good, Then this is job for Daddy Pig.
Um, maybe if I just switch it off.
And then switch it on again.
Grandpa Pig has mended the carwash.
Hooray!
Granddad Dog is the best
at mending cars.
But my Daddy mended the carwash.